Fix links to visa info and grant application form (#19)
djangocon/2023.djangocon.eu: _pages/visas.md

If you’re planning to attend DjangoCon Europe, first check whether you need a visa to 
visit the UK. Fill in the form on [this page](https://www.gov.uk/check-uk-visa/y) to check 
whether you need a visa.  A standard UK visitor visa costs £100, and may take around 6 weeks to process.  You can find more information on visa requirements for visiting the UK 

> [here](https://www.gov.uk/entering-staying-uk/visit-and-transit-visas).

Reviewer: Same as above.

```suggestion
on the GOV.UK [Visit and transit visas](https://www.gov.uk/entering-staying-uk/visit-and-transit-visas) page.
```
